In her statement, the author claims that... To support her reasons, the author cites the following reasons. On the one hand,... On the other hand,... At first glance, the argumentation seems plausible to a certain extent. However, with a detailed analysis the reader could still identify some serious logical fallacies and inappropriate assumptions which could undermine the chain of reasoning in the statement.

First, the author states that... However, the author proposes here an oversimplified causal relationship analysis by carelessly or deliberately ignoring the fact that there should exist other reasons which could still lead to the same consequence./that the reason cited by her has barely anything to do with the result./that the reason should actually be the result.
Consequently, the author cannot convince the public that...

Second, the author argues that... However, the author does not take into account that there should exist esssential difference between those two individuals  which might greatly weaken the comparison of them.
However, the author does not take into account that one individual could not display all the characteristics of the whole group.
However, the author does not take into account that # descibes the on-average situation of the whole group and there is no ganrantee that one randomly selected individual from such a group would definitely reflect the same trend.
As a result, it is unreasonable for the author to suggest that...

Third, the author proposes that... However, the author does not take into account that the development of any item should contain unexpected fluctuations and it is quite difficult to make accurate prediction of the future trends just refering to the past or current experiences.
To put it in a nutshell, the author cannot ganrantee that...

Forth, the author states that... However, the author does not take into account that A is defined as a dynamic result of both B and C, and one adjustment in just one section of the equation can hardly deliver the expected result.
Consequently, the author cannot convince the public that...

Fifth, the author argues that... However, since the sample size is not given in the statement, whether it is large enough to be statistically significant is questionable.
However, the author fails to provide more detailed information about how such participants have been selected and how the poll has been directed among such people.
As a result, it is unreasonable for the author to suggest that...

All in all, the reasons cited by the author cannot well support her argumentation as she experts.