1. Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the claim. In developing and supporting your position, be sure to address the most compelling reasons and/or examples that could be used to challenge your position.

因为是challenge，所以要写三段，我是反对
agree: first，人要生活，必须先要生存→要生存必须有钱→那么必须可以赚钱，换言之，要有一个工作→找到一份工作需要一技之长→而技能往往是在学校中学到的→如果他们在学校中学了一个不可能成功的领域→他们就无法掌握其essence→也就使得今后的生活questionable

disagree1: second，学习基于兴趣→不感兴趣永远都不会成功→如果他们学了一个他们可能成功的专业，或者容易赚钱的专业→但是他们很厌恶这个专业→那么他们也注定不会掌握其必要的技能→所以他们一样不能成功

disagree2: in the end，存在即合理→世界上不存在不可能成功的专业或者领域→任何成功都是努力的结果→只要学生对于自己的领域有足够的热爱，并且愿意为之努力→那么他们一定可以成功，区别只是时间的长短，而不是能否成功→而且很多难题需要不断努力去克服，这样可能淹没人才


2.  A nation should require all of its students to study the same national curriculum until they enter college.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the recommendation and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing and supporting your position, describe specific circumstances in which adopting the recommendation would or would not be advantageous and explain how these examples shape your position.

agree: first，学习最重要的是基础，基础打不牢，任何advanced的知识都是untenable的→并且基本上所有学科的基础都是类似的，比如基本语言能力或者basic algebra→基础一般都是在小时候塑造的→即在大学之前→所以在大学之前安排所有学生一样的课程能够保证学生的整体基础水平→也为后续他们的specialized research做了保障

disagree: however，兴趣是最好的老师→不能否认有很多天才对于某些领域有着天然的talent，所以他们不需要uniform curriculum→或者更exactly说，由于他们的高智商，统一安排的课程对于他们来说是浪费时间→而且很多genius是年少有为→可能如果same national curriculum耽误了他们的adolescence，他们可能无法做出startling的invention or theory→但是不可以否认正是这些extraordinary极大促进了社会的发展→所以不应该安排uniform curriculum

disagree: 不同学生对于学习的需要不同，比如体育生艺术生

3. Universities should require every student to take a variety of courses outside the student's field of study.

Write a response in which you discuss your views on the policy and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing and supporting your position, you should consider the possible consequences of implementing the policy and explain how these consequences shape your position.

agree: 任何领域的成功都不可能是arbitrary and exclusive→所以只学习自己领域的知识是不可能有所大成就的→所以学生要去多involve到别的field中去，看看别的cutting-edge knowleage发展到了哪一步→同时这也会为自己今后的人生选择提供帮助→moreover，知识都是相通的，对别的领域的见解有可能会促进自己这一领域的研究

disagree: 任何知识初看都是有趣的→但是真正学起来is another thing with unexpected difficulies→taking a variety of courses outside the student's field of study注定会divert学生的注意点→使得他们不再专心于自己领域的研究→然而一旦分心，将很难再calm the nerve to return what they had studied→以致于hard for them to achieve true success in their initial or any field


4. Some people believe that college students should consider only their own talents and interests when choosing a field of study. Others believe that college students should base their choice of a field of study on the availability of jobs in that field.

/College students should base their choice of a field of study on the availability of jobs in that field.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the recommendation and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing and supporting your position, describe specific circumstances in which adopting the recommendation would or would not be advantageous and explain how these examples shape your position.

T4类比下面这一题↓
Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the claim. In developing and supporting your position, be sure to address the most compelling reasons and/or examples that could be used to challenge your position.

agree: first，人要生活，必须先要生存→要生存必须有钱→那么必须可以赚钱，换言之，要有一个工作→找到一份工作需要一技之长→而技能往往是在学校中学到的→如果他们在学校中学了一个不可能成功的领域→他们就无法掌握其essence→也就使得今后的生活questionable

disagree: second，学习基于兴趣→不感兴趣永远都不会成功→如果他们学了一个他们可能成功的专业，或者容易赚钱的专业→但是他们很厌恶这个专业→那么他们也注定不会掌握其必要的技能→所以他们一样不能成功→世界上不存在不可能成功的专业或者领域→任何成功都是努力的结果→只要学生对于自己的领域有足够的热爱，并且愿意为之努力→那么他们一定可以成功，区别只是时间的长短，而不是能否成功→并且还会导致就业不均匀


5. Formal education tends to restrain our minds and spirits rather than set them free.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the statement and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing and supporting your position, you should consider ways in which the statement might or might not hold true and explain how these considerations shape your position.

agree: first，formal education的目的是make people civilized，从而使得社会harmonious and peaceful，help relationship between people friendly...→实质是方便leadership的管理和society的development→因此，这种教育必然会让我们的mind变得temperate→然而我们一旦变得courteous，我们就有了许许多多的顾虑→in this degree，我们的mind and spirit就被限制了

disagree: however，束缚来源于压迫oppression→当我们想做一些事情而外界不让我们这么做时，restrain就产生了→但是education never compel我们做什么或者prevent us做什么→formal education只是在告诉我们，什么该做什么不该做→然后让我们自己去判断right and wrong，kindness and demon→从这个角度来说，我们的mind and spirit是被解放了的→我们考虑了更多的东西→formal education的确旨在教化人们，但是并不一定束缚，相反有可能make us mature and thoughtful
 

6. Some people believe that college students should consider only their own talents and interests when choosing a field of study. Others believe that college students should base their choice of a field of study on the availability of jobs in that field.

Write a response in which you discuss which view more closely aligns with your own position and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing and supporting your position, you should address both of the views presented.

T6类比下面这一题↓
Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the claim. In developing and supporting your position, be sure to address the most compelling reasons and/or examples that could be used to challenge your position.

agree: first，人要生活，必须先要生存→要生存必须有钱→那么必须可以赚钱，换言之，要有一个工作→找到一份工作需要一技之长→而技能往往是在学校中学到的→如果他们在学校中学了一个不可能成功的领域→他们就无法掌握其essence→也就使得今后的生活questionable

disagree: second，学习基于兴趣→不感兴趣永远都不会成功→如果他们学了一个他们可能成功的专业，或者容易赚钱的专业→但是他们很厌恶这个专业→那么他们也注定不会掌握其必要的技能→所以他们一样不能成功→世界上不存在不可能成功的专业或者领域→任何成功都是努力的结果→只要学生对于自己的领域有足够的热爱，并且愿意为之努力→那么他们一定可以成功，区别只是时间的长短，而不是能否成功




