1. 找出一个和题目内容有关的立场（拆分）
2. 从这个立场出发，往前走，问why，往后走，问so，并重复
3. 选择一个出发点描述刚才的分析过程

艺术品是由艺术家创造的（艺术家为什么要创造一件艺术品？→ 为了通过这件艺术品，表达ta的思想、情感、态度和人生经历等 → 表达给谁看？ → 给受众群体，也就是观众看）
在这个过程中，艺术品就成为沟通艺术家和观众之间的桥梁和媒介 → 只有当观众能够理解艺术品本身所承载的信息，从中获得某种共鸣 → 他们才会自发地去宣传这件艺术品
扩大艺术品的受众 → 形成市场 → 帮助艺术品的其他价值（比如商业价值）更快确立下来
First, we need to check the ultimate goal of the art with respect. For me, art serves as the communication bridge connecting the artists and the audience regardless of the time and space, it embodies the opinions, feelings, attitudes and life experiences of the artists in a well-structured way and tries to find resonance among the audience. Appreciating the art is like having a private conversation with the artist herself, only when the messages delivered in the art could be interpreted by the general audience could we say the art is surviving and thriving. When the recognition of the art is established not only in museums but also in the public mind, the other merit of the art could then be firmly realized in a much faster pace.

Second, historically to see the issue, we cannot deny that some art pieces, upon their initial public appearances, could not gain the public popularity but were only appreciated by some social elites. Take the painting of Vincent van Gogh and the innovative symphony of Stravinsky as good examples. Back at van Gogh's time, the public could not understand the complex emotions contained in some simple lines, and van Gogh only sold one painting out when he was alive. However, several years after his death, the aesthetic meaning in his works finally got recognized by others. Nowadays, people speak highly of and even offer high prices for the Starry Night and the Sunflowers. The same situation can also be applied to Stravinsky's great work – Rite of Spring, whose debut suffered from numerous criticisms and misunderstandings, yet is tread as a milestone masterpiece when we discuss the history of symphony today. The historical cases indeed show that we cannot deny the existence of those art pieces and their essential merit.

艺术品；丑闻