In the statement, the author claims that the honor code is sure to result in a dramatic decline in cheating among college students. To support her reasoning, the author cites the following evidence. On the one hand, the decline of the number of cheating students is noticeable, one the other hand, a majority of students are satisfed with the new system under which they are unwilling to cheat. At first glance, the author's argumentation seems plausible to certain extent. Unfortunately, with a detailed analysis the readers could still identify some serious logical fallacies and some inappropriate assumptions that could undermine the chain of reasoning in the statement.

Firstly, the author states that the adoption of such new honor code helped decrease the figure of cheating cases in five years. However, the author proposes here an oversimplfied causal relationship analysis by deliberately or carelessly ignoring the fact that there should exist other factors which might lead to the same consequence. Five years is a too long time period to convince the public that just because of this honor code, cheating cases dropped. If the type of examination changed, for example, students can refer to books or other things during answering the questions, or the whole university paid more attention to students' everyday performance rather than the grade of exam, there were bound to reduce the students who cheat. As a result, the reasoning that new system causes drop of cheating cannot hold the water.

Secondly, the author claims that all colleges and universities should adopt honor codes similar to Groventon's. The author, though, does not consider that the essential differences among those university cannot be neglected and Groveton College is unable to display all the characteristics of the whole group, which will weaken the comparison of them. It is possible that such system might play a role in preventing cheating in Groveton College, but this will never show its effects on other universities, especially some whose educational level are much more undeveloped. To these lower colleges, the argument that honor code will make a difference lacks persuasion.

Last but not least, the author demonstrates that students thought highly of such code. Unfortunately, this phenomenon seems pleasant, under which there may exist severe problems. Chances are great that those students might cover each other during exams, let lone spoke them out when interviewed. Moreover, no statistics reveal under which level these students are, if they are excellent themselves, they will never cheat no matter what the system is. In a word, the argumentation is full of logical holes which lacks credibility.

All in all, with a more specific analysis, the reasons cited by the author cannot well support her argumentation in the statement as she expects.