Scandals are useful because they focus our attention on problems in ways that no speaker or reformer ever could. 14:14-14:39

In the statement, scandals are viewed as useful for focusing our attention on problems in ways no speaker or reformer ever could, which is reasonable to some extent.

Scandals, always considered as shocking news and unbelievable information, can arouse people's attention to a very larger extent, which can be bound to reveal a new dimension for people to think. When something is called a scandal, it is perhaps violating the ethic of the general society, or some specific regulation, in which most people never image such a person or organization could do so. Therefore, this will surely evoke people's doubt to something or someone they believed and thus incite them to find out the truth or the more dark side behind the affair, which will largely enhance fairness and honesty. Moreover, when scandals are released, the involved people or company mightily be a little bit afraid, hence they will stop the illegal or unethical behaviors for a while, or even run away forever. From this perspective, it is true that scandals are useful for seeking unnoticeable problems.

However, from another view, scandals may be a helper for the illegal or unethical conduction. As is known to all, when people are zealots, the sanity is lost far away. If a group of crazy supporters notice a scandal of their leader, there exists possibilities that they will make every endeavor to augue and defend for their leader. Therefore, the contentious debate will begin and sometimes this will lead to severe battle, impairing the harmony of the whole communication environment to a large degree. When the society is turbulent, people's attention will be shifted, focusing the dispute rather than the scandal itself, thus it is the time that the concerned people or company to do whatever they want, or even disregard the scandal and make it worse. In this way, scandals maybe conceal the real problems and help them become worse.

Fortunately, with the help of education and laws, the second occasion becomes less common in nowadays society, which is considered as civil and urbane. It is undoubtedly that scandals will cause some turbulent moments, but meanwhile the problems they debunk will also become the focus of the whole society. All in all, scandal now is a very powerful tool for people to recognize some belied truth which no speaker or reformer ever could mention, letting people to make decision on their own.
