It is argued in the statement that + C
In the statement, the author argues/ states/ claims/ believes/ proposes that + C

To support her reasoning, the author cites that…/ the author cites the following evidence.

分析作者逻辑错误：however, the reasoning is problematic.
There are some logical problems in the author’s reasoning. 
However, the argumentation is rife with logical holes and inappropriate assumptions, and thus, not strong enough to lead to the recommendation.
At first glance, the author’s argumentation seems plausible to certain extent.
Unfortunately, with a detailed analysis the readers could still identify some serious logical fallacies that could undermine the chain of reasoning in the statement.

in conclusion/ to conclude/ to put it in a nutshell/ to sum up/ in summary/ in short/ in a few words/ all in all/ overall/ above all/ conclusively/ accordingly
the reasons cited by the author cannot well support her argumentation in the statement as she expects.

first, the author states that the installation of the high intensity lighting should be the major contributor of the immediate decrease of the vandalism in the city of Belleville.however, the author proposes here an oversimplified causal relationship analysis by carelessly or deliberately ignoring the fact 

that there should exist other factors that might lead to a same consequence.
the reason cited by her barely has anything to do with the result.
the reason proposed by her should actually be the result.

找反例分析：if the installation of the high intensity lighting indeed helps to decrease the vandalism in the city of Belleville,then the vandalism of Belleville should mainly happen in the night when the lightings are turned on but this is apparently not definitely the real case. Some of many of the vandalism may occur in the daytime, so other actions should be taken into account as well.
Chances are that the city of Belleville intensifies the public security by taking many police enforcement such as the employment of some police patrol cars, which greatly help to reduce the vandalism immediately.

小总结：as a result, the author cannot convince the public that the installation of the high intensity lighting indeed brings much benefit to the controlling of the vandalism in the city of Belleville.